add note regarding declarative schema (#13)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/prepare/extension-lifecycle.md

# Extension lifecycle

> *Note:* The recommendations laid out below are to be phased out in the future in favor of [declarative schema](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/components/declarative-schema/#declarative-schema) development approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

The recommendations laid out below are to be phased out in the future in favor of [declarative schema](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/components/declarative-schema/#declarative-schema) development approaches.
```
